all right well then assault we're going
to review solving the bottom layer get
the cross on the bottom or first you
want to solve these two types of two
layers and then get the cross on the bus
all right if you haven't done that that
doesn't that yet pause this video
practice getting the top two we get the
cross on the bottom and then you can
play the rest of it okay what is the
next step after you get the cross
do you remember the next
night step is to match two adjacent
sides where the middle pieces will be
matched this doesn't matter this doesn't
match so that's not what we want this
matches but then this doesn't match
there's no matching that we want two
adjacent sides matching them little
pieces how much of the queue to get some
pair of matches ah there's one blue and
red if you can't find one then you're
going to do with this same powder that
i'm going to show you with whatever face
you want facing this case since you
already have to yeah this side and this
side too David site right next to each
other with your middle piece of salt is
green orange alright so I do on this
time green orange tube this way I'm
going to do one top
just saw that way down bottom valley
Janet you to give you matched centers
all right one what's on
sit up all right here we go still have
the cross remember that you want to have
mass beds in the bottom here that's
match- orange and green three two
adjacent side Oh mix mix mix
blue blue red Jason sides match I don't
know honey do it right here so mashed
mashed join the team this way
the bottom once should have all matched
edge pieces all right all forgetting
this because we're on to the last and
final step oh there's two more steps
doors laughs all right I'm going to stop
right there i'm going to save notice for
the next video